FLEXBOX

Chris Coyer's Complete Guide to Flexbox  
https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/

Gaps? Gasp! by Eric Meyer
https://css-tricks.com/gaps-gasp/

Smashing Magazine: Harnessing Flexbox for Today's Web Apps http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2015/03/02/harnessing-flexbox-for-todays-web-apps/

Solved by Flexbox 
https://philipwalton.github.io/solved-by-flexbox/

Flexy Boxes playground and code generator
http://the-echoplex.net/flexyboxes/

Getting started with Flexbox grid systems
http://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2016/02/getting-started-with-flexbox-grid-systems/






RESPONSIVE IMAGES
Responsive images have exploded in ease of integration since the last version of this course. The topic is enormous. Indeed, Addy Osmani wrote "Image Optimization," a 528-page book on the topic of images, responsive images, image formats, and performance considerations.

We will focus on responsive images only, setting aside performance considerations for the moment. There are many recommended resources for this section:
"Image Optimization," by Addy Osmani. Published by Smashing Media in 2021. ISBN: 978-3-945749-94-4

	About the book and ordering: https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2021/04/image-optimization-pre-release/#about-the-book

	Free chapter: http://provide.smashingmagazine.com/eBooks/image-optimization-sample-chapter.pdf

"Srcset and sizes," Eric Portis: 
https://ericportis.com/posts/2014/srcset-sizes/

"Responsive Images in Practice," Eric Portis: 
https://alistapart.com/article/responsive-images-in-practice/

"Article Update: Donâ€™t Rely on Default `sizes`," Eric Portis
https://alistapart.com/blog/post/article-update-dont-rely-on-default-sizes/

Media query asset downloading results 
http://timkadlec.com/2012/04/media-query-asset-downloading-results/

#30DaysofHTML Day 28: <picture>, <source>, srcset, and sizes
Responsive images, retina images, and beyond
https://jen4web.substack.com/p/picture


CSS GRID
CSS Tricks: A Complete Guide to Grid 
https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid/

Grid by Example
http://gridbyexample.com/

Practical CSS Grid: Adding Grid to an Existing Design
https://alistapart.com/article/practical-grid

Basic concepts of grid layout
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Grid_Layout/Basic_Concepts_of_Grid_Layout

CSS Grid Inspector (in Firefox): 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Tools/Page_Inspector/How_to/Examine_grid_layouts

Grid "fallbacks" and overrides
https://rachelandrew.co.uk/css/cheatsheets/grid-fallbacks

Positioning Overlay Content with CSS Grid
https://css-tricks.com/positioning-overlay-content-with-css-grid/

You want minmax(10px, 1fr) not 1fr
https://css-tricks.com/you-want-minmax10px-1fr-not-1fr/

Gaps? Gasp! by Eric Meyer
https://css-tricks.com/gaps-gasp/

Breaking Down a CSS Grid Layout
http://csskarma.com/blog/css-grid-layout/

A Collection of Interesting Facts about CSS Grid Layout
https://css-tricks.com/collection-interesting-facts-css-grid-layout/

Bootstrap to CSS Grid
https://medium.com/@tallys/bootstrap-to-css-grid-87b3f5f830e4

Firefox Developer version -- Grid tools
https://mozilladevelopers.github.io/playground/03-firefox-devtools




LAYOUT GAMES

Flexbox Froggy 
http://flexboxfroggy.com/

Flexbox Defense 
http://www.flexboxdefense.com/

Grid Garden
https://cssgridgarden.com/
